the best marketing strategy produces the
worst roi
people love measuring marketing everyone
loves google analytics everyone loves
google data studio if you spend a dollar
you want to make more than a dollar
right
but if you focus your marketing efforts
only on things that produce a direct roi
you'll struggle to build a multi-billion
if not even a multi-million dollar
business
just think of it this way
if you want to buy athletic shoes what
company would you turn to
leave your answer below in the comments
if you want to buy a credit card where
would you look
same let me know in the comments and
what's your favorite car
now for a moment just think about the
answers that you just gave
what do they all have in common
you pick them on the spot not because of
google search or a facebook ad you pick
them because you're familiar with the
brand right
you probably pick nike maybe visa or
mastercard or american express if it was
a car you probably pick a tesla or bmw
mercedes toyota right you pick the
brands that you're familiar with
now guess what tesla's marking budget is
zero dollars instead they focus all
their efforts on building amazing
product because that builds a brand but
look the chances are you won't be able
to pull off what tesla did to build a
brand
even i can't most people can't we're not
elon musk he's amazing
but here's how you can grow your brand
it all starts with the rule of seven
when someone sees or interacts with your
brand seven times they're much more
likely to evangelize it so i'm going to
give you some tips that'll help you with
the rule of seven the first is leverage
all the major social networks out there
facebook twitter instagram linkedin
the list goes on and on whenever you're
posting content on one you can post on
another you are probably watching this
video on either youtube linkedin twitter
instagram or tiktok
can you guess what's familiar with this
video it's the same video pretty much on
all the channels right
on the flip side if you don't do that
you're not going to get as many eyeballs
now another channel that you can end up
using to help with that rule of 7 is
email marketing when someone goes to
your website collect that email
i have another video that i talk about
here email list is that atm that digital
atm every time you send out an email you
can make money so collect those emails
it is true it's one of the best
marketing channels and it's great way to
keep being in front of that audience so
you can get there seven times
another channel for you is seo create
blog content that text-based content by
creating that text-based content people
do searches they'll find you maybe you
can also convince them to be on your
email list and then get them back and
then from emailing you can ask them to
follow you on the social web
then i'll also start collecting phone
numbers follow up via text message
people open up text more than they open
up email
another channel that i love is push
notifications through browsers people
can click a button and subscribe and
then you can send them a notification
the click-through rates aren't as great
but it still helps with the rule of
seven in essence think of most marketing
channels whether it's paid advertising
organic or non-paid leverage as many as
possible heck you can go live on social
media you can create a podcast it's up
to you but the more channels you
leverage
you're gonna more likely
get in front of your target audience
seven plus times now keep this in mind
don't add all the channels at once do
them slowly or else you're gonna burn
yourself out when you're creating
content for social republish that
content on most the social profiles that
it works on so then that way you're
getting the most out of your content now
if you need help with the rule of seven
and building a brand
check out my ad agency np digital where
we rewarded the agency of the year
if you have any questions leave a
comment below i'm here to help if you
enjoy the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for
watching